Add missing categories for MSTest analyzers (#38972)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/testing/unit-testing-mstest-analyzers-design.md

# MSTest design rules

> Design rules support adherence to proper design of test suites.

Reviewer: This sentence seems overly complicated.

```suggestion
Design rules will help you create and maintain test suites that adhere to proper design and good practices.
```
